Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
If the woman keeps doing that, then the man gets confused.
It makes him want to get confirmation.
I'm saying you shouldn't confuse your boyfriend.
Ah, your boyfriend must not like this.
Assistant Manager Lee
Yes, Writer Seo?
I don't have one.
What?
A boyfriend.
What does that mean?
A boyfriend who gets anxious and tells me when he doesn't like something...
I don't have one.
What's this? Why aren't you saying anything?
Writer Seo, well actually...
Why have you been calling me Writer Seo this entire time?
You see, my phone is on speaker mode right now.
So I'll call you again—
Oh my, Assistant Manager Lee! I must've dialed the wrong number!
I'm sorry about that.
Seo Ji Won, I can't believe you just did that.
I should just die.
Episode 4: Like a Watercolor
I want to die. Gosh!
Self Laundry Lounge
Hey, Seo Ji Won! You really aren't going to pick up my calls?
I've got something to say.
My phone is on speaker mode right now.
Ji Won, why haven't you died yet?
Isn't it about time for you to die?
Alcohol. Alcohol is the only thing that can rescue me from this world.
And the best alcohol is...
beer.
Now, I think I can live.
Drinking beer at the laundromat... I never would've thought of that.
Director Cha Do Hoon?
Do you live around here?
I don't.
Ah, I see.
How about having a kiss right there?
Pardon?
I'm talking about the main character's first kiss.
I think this place has a similar vibe to the webtoon.
Oh.
Wait a minute.
Are you talking about "Psycho Bride" right now?
Yes.
The project hasn't even been approved yet.
- You're not going to shoot it?  - Of course I am.
You should look for another place for the kiss scene.
How does it look similar? It doesn't look anything like the webtoon.
Did he come here for research?
We were all so young.
Seong Hyeon Middle School
The neighborhood has changed quite a lot.
It looks like a completely different place now.
Miss 'I don't have a boyfriend', are you going to keep ignoring my calls?
Lee Seung Yu, seriously, can't you let me off this time?
What should I do now?
Seong Hyeon Middle School
Why don't we go there for coverage, Writer Seo?
What's this? Can he see me right now?
Yes, okay!
Ah, Seo Ji Won, seriously.
She's so cute.
Wait a minute. Does this mean he wants me to go on my own
or is he saying we should go together?
Wait a second, just in case,
should I moisturize my skin?
Oh, so moist.
Now, point your toes.
Fifty degrees. You can do it.
You can do it; you're just not trying to.
Just a little bit more. You can do it. A little bit more.
- That's good. Keep going!  - Teacher!
Please help me up. My phone is ringing.
Just a minute.
Twenty Four
Let's continue. Let's do this.
I'll take responsibility and make you 20 years old.
Twenty years!
Part-timer wanted
What's this?
How come you're here?
If you're going there for coverage, I have to accompany you.
So how did you know I was going to leave now?
You called the school to ask if there were students on Saturdays.
Wow! How did you do that?
If you do this, then it opens. Do you want to try?
Hurry and get in.
Kakao Navigation  Safe Driving
♫ You mind that's so similar to mine ♫
♫ I don't know the reason ♫
I don't have a boyfriend.
♫ Today in life ♫
- About that time—  - Ji Won.
Take a look at this.
Oh, wow!
Just in case, I found a picture.
It's been so long.
You look more excited now than when I asked you to go to school.
It's been more than ten years since I've gone to our school.
So it must've changed quite a lot.
But it looks just as it was then, in the photo.
Look at this! We were so cute.
Finding that photo was quite worthwhile.
Oh, so cute! Don't you think I grew up well?
I'm the one that grew up well.
You're so shameless.
- I heard you started working on law-advisory content.  - Yes.
Thanks to Lawyer Kim, this time has been very beneficial to our listeners.
I've enjoyed this time as well.
This has been Lee Ran Ju of Lee Ran Ju's World of Dreaming.
See you again tomorrow.
Thank you for your hard work.
You did a great job, Miss Ran Ju.
By the way, you don't have any plans for today, do you?
You said you were going home after this.
- About that... now that I think about it—  - Don't give me that.
How about dinner with me today?
I'm intermittent fasting right now.
Thank you, next—
I'll take you to a nice place.
Enjoy your meal.
Here you go.
Isn't he a total lunatic?
I really want to kill hi—
My social position saved him.
Welcome, customer.
Ah seriously, again?!
Hong Ah Yeong? What is this?
What is what?
Why is that person here?
The new part-timer?
He's no joke, right? Isn't he awesome?
He just came on his own two feet. That lucky guy.
Ever since he started working here the sales are just going higher and higher.
- Excuse me?  - Yes?
What are you planning?
Planning to earn money.
Oh my, Announcer Lee over here has gotten quite angry.
Should I give you another bottle of beer?
I know you...
You aren't going to fire him, right?
You know me too well.
I don't know you well so,
aren't you going to quit?
I really need money right now.
The owner seems like a good person,
and the regular customer seems even better.
Then that means this will be the last day I come here.
Announcer Lee, don't say such scary things.
Just you wait and see.
But do you know something?
You are really pretty today.
Were you this kind of a character?
It's cute, right? She will fall for me, right?
It's been a long time.
It's still the same.
- Can we go in?  - Why are you thinking about it? Just go in.
Hey! Can we go in?
You went in, so I can also go in.
Let's take pictures first.
It really is the same.
I thought it would have changed a lot.
I came to work, sir.
So did I. Go stand there quickly!
One, two, three.
Let me see.
My selfie is nice, right?
Hey!
- This isn't it!  - But this came out well.
Okay?
Once more.
It really has been a long time since I last came here.
It feels good to come back after a long time.
Are you going to draw?
No, it isn't complete yet.
Don't look.
You're making me nervous.
I told you not to look.
- Don't look!  - I just glanced at it.
If you see it now, you won't be touched.
That's me? You're saying that's me?
You're saying this is me?
Look! We don't look alike at all.
It is Seo Ji Won no matter who looks at it. Look! It's the same.
That's me? Really? Why does it look like this?
Who's there?
Oh my god! What should we do?
Come here. Come here.
♫ I keep thinking of you ♫
♫ I think of you every day ♫
Seriously!
♫ Like a sweet dream, I don't want to wake up ♫
♫ You're just a great piece of imagination ♫
- We can leave, right?  - I think so.
Are you okay?
It hurts! Ow!
- Ow!  - Let me see—
Why is it "Like a Watercolor"?
The title of the new project.
Why did you name it "Like a Watercolor"?
I'm not sure.
Because the colors blend anywhere?
It's pretty and pleasant.
You're right.
It is pretty and pleasant.
But bad colors that stain things quickly too.
If we make a mistake with watercolors, we cannot reverse it.
We can't even paint more on top.
It's pickier than you think.
It is just like Seo Ji Won.
Me?
You're picky. Didn't you know?
Am l?
Of course. That's why you dumped me.
What?
You're the one who said those words back then.
People normally call that a rejection.
Seung Yu...
This.
I really hate these things.
But still, if you are the one giving it—
I like it.
I really hate these things,
But because you were the one giving it,
I was going to say I liked it.
But that girl didn't listen till the end and disappeared.
It's a painful memory for me.
I was hurt.
Why are you laughing?
This isn't any different from the story of my first broken heart.
It's funny that you still remember that.
How can I forget that?
I thought about it
very often, Seo Ji Won.
Do you like me?
Why?
Your gaze...
confuses me.
Did l?
Look at the time!
Let's go, Ji Won.
Lee Seung Yu.
Do you want to sleep with me?
♫  The road only the two of us walked ♫
♫ Is it because it's the first time? ♫
♫ I don't want my shaking heart to be discovered ♫
♫ Only awkward laughs come out ♫
♫ Inside the sky ♫
How To Be Thirty
Not everybody takes responsibility for romantic words.
Indeed, he's different.
Are you dating someone, Seo Ji Won?
Hey! Who are you dating?
l missed you.
- Don't do that!  - Seo Ji Won, you sure are bold.
I thought you wouldn't love anyone again.
It's strange even to me. Why am I like this?
Oppa, I missed you!
But Ji Won, he isn't someone who would hurt you, right?
♫ My heart leaves  ♫